content/blogs/2025-10-30-avni-launchpad-announcement.md, before:

---
title: Avni Launchpad - Digitize. Pilot. Transform
date: '2025-10-31'
author:
  name: Avni Team
tags: []
type: blog
featuredImage:
  src: /blog-images/2025-10-30-avni-launchpad-announcement/featured.png
  alt: Featured image for 2025-10-30-avni-launchpad-announcement
published: true
featured: true
slug: 2025-10-30-avni-launchpad-announcement
category: Avni News
---

<a href="https://forms.gle/zD2A4cPRtpdcczPe9" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">
  ![featured](/blog-images/2025-10-30-avni-launchpad-announcement/featured.png)
</a>

<br>

#### Announcing the Avni Launchpad Cohort 1

Many NGOs running field-based programs are still on cumbersome paper/spreadsheet-based or expensive systems. Avni solves this problem by providing a low-code, AI-powered digital platform that helps organisations create offline-capable fieldwork applications and get real-time insights. </br> NGOs want to switch to Avni, but sometimes they struggle to take the leap or fail to convince the decision makers of its value. To ease this process, we are launching a very quick and inexpensive way to **<span style="color:#ff470f">see the value of using Avni before investing further</span>**. 

The Avni Launchpad is a unique cohort-based program tailored for NGOs and social enterprises ready to take their first big step in digital transformation. In a short time of a few weeks, selected organizations receive hands-on mentoring, tailored support, and free access to Avni’s robust platform to launch a real, working digital pilot that elevates program monitoring, field data, and reporting.

### Why Join the program?

If you’re an NGO working in the field, this program helps you explore how digital tools can make your work easier and more effective.

**1. Learn to go digital**</br>
Discover how to use Avni, a mobile app that helps you collect and manage data — even without internet.

**2. Save time and reduce errors**</br>
Move from paper-based data collection to a simple digital system that’s faster, more reliable, and easy to manage.

**3. Test before investing**</br>
Experience the value of going digital through a guided pilot, before committing major time or funds. We are offering free hosting and support until the end of launchpad program and a 10% discount on annual subscription if you sign up before the program ends. 

**4. Get hands-on support and build capacity**</br>
Work with mentors, peers, and our team to turn your idea into a working pilot ready for the field.

**5. Access to Avni community**</br>
Join the Avni community - network with vibrant group of change-makers

**<span style="color:#ff470f">Overall this is savings of 1 Lakh Rupees or more !</span>**

### Who Should Apply
You are an NGO who has 
- **Suitability** - Avni fits best when you have a program that is run through a field workforce, and service is provided over a period of time.
  - Take a look at the [case studies](/case-studies) to help understand this more. 
  - If you are still not sure, please contact us through Avni Partnerships- [avnipartnerships@samanvayfoundation.org](mailto:avnipartnerships@samanvayfoundation.org) to discuss further.
- **Availability** - You can nominate someone in the organisation who will drive the pilot. The participant
  - Knows the pilot use-case
  - Can spend 5–7 hours a week working on pilot scope, Avni setup and pilot rollout during the launchpad program timelines
  - Is comfortable using smartphones, spreadsheets and setting up drop-down based applications like google forms.
  - Can attend a 2-day workshop in Bangalore
- **Sustainability** - You’ll decide whether to continue after seeing how the pilot works — but it’s helpful to assess beforehand whether you’ll have the funding and operational capacity to sustain the initiative beyond the pilot phase.

<br>

#### Key Dates
![Image from Avni Launchpad - Digitize. Pilot. Transform](/blog-images/2025-10-30-avni-launchpad-announcement/img-01.png)

| Week    | Date         | Event                                       |
|---------|--------------|---------------------------------------------|
| Week 1  | Oct 30       | Program announced                           |
| Week 4  | Nov 21       | Application submissions closed              |
| Week 5  | Nov 24       | Cohort finalised                            |
| Week 5  | Nov 25       | Online Orientation meeting, Training & Prep-work |
| Week 7  | Dec 12       | 2 day In-person workshop    |
| Week 7  | Dec 13       | App ready for pilot     |
| Week 12 | Jan 30, 2026 | Learnings from the ground. Conclusion of the cohort |

<div style="text-align: center; margin: 2rem 0;">
  <a href="https://forms.gle/zD2A4cPRtpdcczPe9" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" 
     class="button is-primary is-medium"> 
    Apply Now
  </a>
</div>

Contact for queries: **avnipartnerships@samanvayfoundation.org**

Who's trusting Avni : [APF (Health)](https://avniproject.org/case-studies/2025-05-28-bridging-the-nutrition-gap-apf-odisha) | [Goonj (Community Development)](https://avniproject.org/case-studies/2025-09-03-how-goonj-uses-avni) | [ATECF (Water)](https://avniproject.org/case-studies/2025-04-30-restoring-waterbodies-avni-atecf) | [CInI-Tata Trusts (Education)](https://avniproject.org/case-studies/2024-09-19-Scaling-Rural-Education) | [Hasiru Dala (Social Security)](https://avniproject.org/case-studies/2025-08-01-empowering-waste-pickers) | [JNPCT (Malnutrition)](https://avniproject.org/case-studies/use-of-avni-in-jnpct-malnutrition-project-case-study) | [Maitrayana(Sports)](https://avniproject.org/case-studies/2025-07-31-scoring-for-equality) | [IHMP](https://avniproject.org/case-studies/2025-05-02-ihmp-strengthening-adolescent-health), [Jan Swasthya Sahyog](https://avniproject.org/case-studies/avni-for-sickle-cell-disease-screening-and-treatment), [Calcutta Kids](https://avniproject.org/case-studies/calcutta-kids-%E2%80%94-avni-implemented-for-maternal-and-child-health-program), Sewa Rural & 50+ organisations

Learn more : [Join one of our upcoming webinars](/events) | [Read case studies](/case-studies) | [Read blogs](/blog)

<br><br>

Commit message:

Fix: Add 2-line description to featured blog
- Add description field to Launchpad blog frontmatter
- Add line-clamp-2 CSS to limit description to 2 lines with ellipsis
- Maintains clean, consistent featured blog appearance

content/blogs/2025-10-30-avni-launchpad-announcement.md, after:

---
title: Avni Launchpad - Digitize. Pilot. Transform
date: '2025-10-31'
author:
  name: Avni Team
tags: []
type: blog
featuredImage:
  src: /blog-images/2025-10-30-avni-launchpad-announcement/featured.png
  alt: Featured image for 2025-10-30-avni-launchpad-announcement
published: true
featured: true
slug: 2025-10-30-avni-launchpad-announcement
category: Avni News
description: Announcing the Avni Launchpad Cohort 1 - A unique cohort-based program tailored for NGOs ready to take their first big step in digital transformation.
---

<a href="https://forms.gle/zD2A4cPRtpdcczPe9" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">
  ![featured](/blog-images/2025-10-30-avni-launchpad-announcement/featured.png)
</a>

<br>

#### Announcing the Avni Launchpad Cohort 1

Many NGOs running field-based programs are still on cumbersome paper/spreadsheet-based or expensive systems. Avni solves this problem by providing a low-code, AI-powered digital platform that helps organisations create offline-capable fieldwork applications and get real-time insights. </br> NGOs want to switch to Avni, but sometimes they struggle to take the leap or fail to convince the decision makers of its value. To ease this process, we are launching a very quick and inexpensive way to **<span style="color:#ff470f">see the value of using Avni before investing further</span>**. 

The Avni Launchpad is a unique cohort-based program tailored for NGOs and social enterprises ready to take their first big step in digital transformation. In a short time of a few weeks, selected organizations receive hands-on mentoring, tailored support, and free access to Avni’s robust platform to launch a real, working digital pilot that elevates program monitoring, field data, and reporting.

### Why Join the program?

If you’re an NGO working in the field, this program helps you explore how digital tools can make your work easier and more effective.

**1. Learn to go digital**</br>
Discover how to use Avni, a mobile app that helps you collect and manage data — even without internet.

**2. Save time and reduce errors**</br>
Move from paper-based data collection to a simple digital system that’s faster, more reliable, and easy to manage.

**3. Test before investing**</br>
Experience the value of going digital through a guided pilot, before committing major time or funds. We are offering free hosting and support until the end of launchpad program and a 10% discount on annual subscription if you sign up before the program ends. 

**4. Get hands-on support and build capacity**</br>
Work with mentors, peers, and our team to turn your idea into a working pilot ready for the field.

**5. Access to Avni community**</br>
Join the Avni community - network with vibrant group of change-makers

**<span style="color:#ff470f">Overall this is savings of 1 Lakh Rupees or more !</span>**

### Who Should Apply
You are an NGO who has 
- **Suitability** - Avni fits best when you have a program that is run through a field workforce, and service is provided over a period of time.
  - Take a look at the [case studies](/case-studies) to help understand this more. 
  - If you are still not sure, please contact us through Avni Partnerships- [avnipartnerships@samanvayfoundation.org](mailto:avnipartnerships@samanvayfoundation.org) to discuss further.
- **Availability** - You can nominate someone in the organisation who will drive the pilot. The participant
  - Knows the pilot use-case
  - Can spend 5–7 hours a week working on pilot scope, Avni setup and pilot rollout during the launchpad program timelines
  - Is comfortable using smartphones, spreadsheets and setting up drop-down based applications like google forms.
  - Can attend a 2-day workshop in Bangalore
- **Sustainability** - You’ll decide whether to continue after seeing how the pilot works — but it’s helpful to assess beforehand whether you’ll have the funding and operational capacity to sustain the initiative beyond the pilot phase.

<br>

#### Key Dates
![Image from Avni Launchpad - Digitize. Pilot. Transform](/blog-images/2025-10-30-avni-launchpad-announcement/img-01.png)

| Week    | Date         | Event                                       |
|---------|--------------|---------------------------------------------|
| Week 1  | Oct 30       | Program announced                           |
| Week 4  | Nov 21       | Application submissions closed              |
| Week 5  | Nov 24       | Cohort finalised                            |
| Week 5  | Nov 25       | Online Orientation meeting, Training & Prep-work |
| Week 7  | Dec 12       | 2 day In-person workshop    |
| Week 7  | Dec 13       | App ready for pilot     |
| Week 12 | Jan 30, 2026 | Learnings from the ground. Conclusion of the cohort |

<div style="text-align: center; margin: 2rem 0;">
  <a href="https://forms.gle/zD2A4cPRtpdcczPe9" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" 
     class="button is-primary is-medium"> 
    Apply Now
  </a>
</div>

Contact for queries: **avnipartnerships@samanvayfoundation.org**

Who's trusting Avni : [APF (Health)](https://avniproject.org/case-studies/2025-05-28-bridging-the-nutrition-gap-apf-odisha) | [Goonj (Community Development)](https://avniproject.org/case-studies/2025-09-03-how-goonj-uses-avni) | [ATECF (Water)](https://avniproject.org/case-studies/2025-04-30-restoring-waterbodies-avni-atecf) | [CInI-Tata Trusts (Education)](https://avniproject.org/case-studies/2024-09-19-Scaling-Rural-Education) | [Hasiru Dala (Social Security)](https://avniproject.org/case-studies/2025-08-01-empowering-waste-pickers) | [JNPCT (Malnutrition)](https://avniproject.org/case-studies/use-of-avni-in-jnpct-malnutrition-project-case-study) | [Maitrayana(Sports)](https://avniproject.org/case-studies/2025-07-31-scoring-for-equality) | [IHMP](https://avniproject.org/case-studies/2025-05-02-ihmp-strengthening-adolescent-health), [Jan Swasthya Sahyog](https://avniproject.org/case-studies/avni-for-sickle-cell-disease-screening-and-treatment), [Calcutta Kids](https://avniproject.org/case-studies/calcutta-kids-%E2%80%94-avni-implemented-for-maternal-and-child-health-program), Sewa Rural & 50+ organisations

Learn more : [Join one of our upcoming webinars](/events) | [Read case studies](/case-studies) | [Read blogs](/blog)

<br><br>
